Well this is the kick-off meeting for our our project. so we're designing a new remote control and. as you can see it's supposed to be original, trendy and user friendly. and so there are three different stages to the design. So we're gonna have like individual work and then a meeting about it. And repeat that process three times. So you get to draw your favourite animal and sum up your favourite characteristics of it.
My favourite animal is like. right, well basically high priority for any animal for me is that they be willing to take a lot of physical affection from their family. And, yeah that they have lots of personality
Well, my favourite animal would be a monkey. Then they're small cute and furry,
And I kind of like whales. They come in and go eat everything in sight.
M my favourite animal is my own dog at home. he's very friendly and cheery and always pleased to see you,. so according to the brief we're gonna be selling this remote control for twenty five Euro,. And we don't want it to cost any more than twelve fifty Euros, so fifty percent of the selling price.
But selling price is is that wholesale or retail?
I imagine it probably is our sale actually. because it's probably up to the the the retailer to sell it for whatever price they want.. I mean do you think the fact that it's going to be sold internationally will have a bearing on how we design it at all?
Well right away I'm wondering if there's th th, like with DVD players, if there are zones. as well as characters,. different keypad styles and symbols.
'cause you have more complicated characters like European languages, then you need more buttons.
I'm thinking the price might might appeal to a certain market in one region, whereas in another it'll be different, so. thinking, 'kay trendy probably means something other than just basic,. thi is this gonna to be like the premium product kinda thing or
Like how much does, you know, a remote control cost. Well twenty five Euro, I mean that's that's about like eighteen pounds or something,. so I don't know how how good a remote control that would get you.. But yeah, I suppose it has to look kind of cool and gimmicky.
I just don't think of remote controls as somethin something people consciously assess in their purchasing habits. I I mean one one way of looking at it would be, well the people producing television sets, maybe they have to buy remote controls. Or another way is maybe people who have TV sets are really fed up with their remote control and they really want a better one or something.
My parents went out and bought remote controls because they got fed up of having four or five different remote controls for each things the house. So for them it was just how many devices control.
So in function one of the priorities might be to combine as many uses
Right, so do you think that should be like a main design aim of our remote control you know,. do your your satellite and your regular telly and your VCR and everything?
Maybe what we could use is a sort of like a example of a successful other piece technology is palm palm pilots. So, like, I wonder if we might add something new to the to the remote control market,
So extra functionalities. You keep losing them. W You get those ones where you can, if you like, whistle or make a really high pitched noise they beep.
Maybe we could think about how, could be more, you know, streamlined. S
Maybe like a touch screen or something?
Or whatever would be technologically reasonable.
So inbetween now and then, as the industrial designer, you're gonna be working on you know the actual working design of it. for user interface, technical functions,. and marketing executive,. you'll be just thinking about what it actually what, you know, what requirements it has to has to fulfil. Yeah, so it's th the functional design stage is next, I guess.
Are we at ma right now on the assumption that our television remote control may have features which go beyond the television? Or are we keeping sort of like a a design commitment to television features?
I mean you probably want some kind of unique selling point of it,
I think one factor would be production cost.